Come to Yanyan and eat more
Thank you brother, that's right
Were those people your colleagues?
OK
Then they are too ignorant
Besides, do they know what they did to your uncle?
Brother, you mustn't tell my dad
I hide my identity to train myself
It's okay to be wronged
But if you tell my dad
You'll be worried
I promise you.
But you have to promise me after dinner
Go to a nearby house for a lunch break
Tang Chen 1 o'clock
Too many houses at home
I remember.
That house doesn't seem to have been lived in for a long time.
But which house is closest to the night market?
Is that so?
In a while, Wang Zhenghao will go to pack up and decorate
From now on, you can fix it in that house
OK
Ye Mao, are you cool?
It's all packed for this sake
I can't reveal the truth
Manager, I don't have it.
I haven't seen my cousin in years
Is it human to not recognize it?
Then why don't you explain
They had us kicked out.
It's not me, Boss Song is really your cousin
Why don't you protect your own cousin?
Protect that little bitch
What about that bitch?
I used to work as a waiter at my cousin's restaurant
He must have hooked up with my cousin
Man
It is easiest to be deceived by such a poor and white girl
Ye Qiuyan's youthful appearance is hidden behind her back
Very nice
Then you hurry up and tell the true face of that woman
Tell Boss Song
Stop letting that bitch blind you
Don't worry manager
I will definitely give you an explanation for what happened today.
Ye Qiuyan, wait for me
Miss, isn't that your housekeeper?
Zheng Hao, why is he here?